- [BOYD] Previously on From...
- [MUSIC BOX PLAYS]
[MARTIN] You ever
wonder if Abby was right?
What if it's all just a dream?
Who did you come here with?
My mother. She was nice.
What are you drawing?
Things I've seen.
It's good to draw them when you see them
so even if you forget.
pictures remember.
When Christopher started seeing
that symbol. things changed.
He changed. Everyone died.
[TABITHA] I've seen this.
[JADE] Yeah. like in
a vision or something?
[TABITHA] No. on the
walls in the tunnels.
What tunnels?
[JIM] You heard the voice on the radio.
That means that there are
people out there who can see us.
And what part of you thinks
that that's a good sign?
You already got people's hopes
up with your goddamn tower...
- All the more reason that we...
- To keep our fucking mouths shut.
What if I told you that
drone might get you home
in time for your nephew's birthday?
Experiments have been going on
like this for a long. long time.
This radio's pretty trashed.
Well. the radio's not the problem.
I can handle the radio.
And it never occurred to you
that some of the people here
might be in on it?
How else do you keep
the experiment on track?
[KRISTI] You really did it.
You killed one of them.
What do we do with the body?
[KRISTI] This is our
chance to learn about them.
We can open them up. see what
they look like on the inside.
- Fuck!
- Just stop!
- Fuckin' piece of shit!
- Okay. stop it!
- Stop! Hey!
- Kristi. hey. hey! Stop!
[KENNY] You really think injecting them
with that stuff's gonna kill them?
Honestly. I got no fucking idea.
It's the best chance we got.
How are we even gonna test it?
[JULIE] I do have this
little trick. though.
for when things really
start to get to me.
I fill up the bathtub and
I sink down just enough
so that the water is level with my ears.
and I just sit like that
for a while. and I breathe.
[MUSIC BOX PLAYING]
- [MUFFLED SCREAMING]
- [TERRIFYING WOMAN WAILING]
Ma.
[BOTH SPEAKING CANTONESE]
[PHONE RINGS]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
- Hello?
- [MAN WHISPERING] They touch. they break. they steal.
No one here is free.
Hello?
Here they come. they come for three.
unless you stop...
- Who is this?
- ... the melody.
They touch. they break. they steal...
[BUZZING. CHIRPING]
[MUSIC BOX PLAYING]
[BUZZING]
[SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY]
[SHOUTS]
[GRUNTS]
What the fuck?
["QUE SERA. SERA [WHATEVER
WILL BE. WILL BE]" plays]
- Synced and corrected by naFraC -
- www.addic7ed.com -
♪ When I was just a little boy ♪
♪ I asked my father ♪
♪ "What will I be?" ♪
♪ "Will I be handsome?" ♪
♪ "Will I be rich?" ♪
♪ Here's what he said to me ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ Whatever will be will be ♪
♪ The future's not ours to see ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ What will be will be ♪
♪ Now I have children of my own ♪
♪ They ask their father ♪
♪ "What will I be?" ♪
♪ "Will I be pretty?" ♪
♪ "Will I be rich?" ♪
♪ I tell them tenderly ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ Whatever will be will be ♪
♪ The future's not ours to see ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ What will be will be ♪
So what's the point?
Well. I told you. once
we re-establish connection
- we can start as...
- No. no. no. no. no.
Not the antenna. I'm talking about this.
Let's say this is one
real big experiment.
For what?
Well. there's a lot of value in seeing
how far you can push
someone before they break.
Look what this place
did to that girl Sara.
The one that tried to hurt your kid?
Yeah.
I'll tell you.
the fact that she's still breathing.
you got a lot more restraint than I do.
I'm not gonna let this place
turn me into something I'm not.
Shit. they really wanna break people.
I got a few ex-girlfriends
they could hire.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
- All right. let's give it a shot.
- All right.
[WHIRRING]
There we are.
- Keep going.
- Yup.
- Well. go. go higher.
- Uh. that's it.
- What?
- That's it!
All right. bring it down.
I got it. I got it.
Look. let's say this thing works.
Why would the people running
this thing wanna talk to you?
They already did it once.
Were they trying to help
or were they just tryin'
to fuck with your head?
I mean. look at this.
look at where we are.
Listen. if you don't wanna help. you...
I'm not saying that. I just...
Look. if someone out here
really wanted to help.
they would find a way to help.
I still think we'd be better off
looking at the people in here.
Like. something this big.
you'd have to have
someone on the inside.
Ah. you can't just start
throwing around accusations...
I'm not saying accuse. I just...
When you got here. who
told you what was what?
Who laid out all the rules?
Boyd. Donna. Father Khatri.
- Father who?
- Khatri.
He died. that night they
got into the Colony House.
- Well. did you see it?
- See what?
Did you see the priest get killed?
No.
It happened outside
the Sheriff's station.
I wasn't there.
Right.
And of all the people that
died since you've been here.
how many times have you
actually seen it happen?
What's your point?
Well. what if the people
these "monsters" are killing.
what if they're all in on it?
I mean. you wanna scare
the shit out of people.
you need a body count. right?
Maybe that's why they
say when you get here.
you gotta keep your blinds down.
'Cause God forbid you're
lookin' out your window at night.
No.
What about that guy. Brick?
What about Tom?
I didn't see it happen. Did you?
I mean. yeah. I saw a body the next day.
but I didn't get close enough
to see if that shit was real.
Have you seen one ounce of proof
that anyone here has actually...
Nathan.
What?
Sara's brother.
She killed him. slit his throat.
Or she didn't.
Let's just imagine for
a second that I'm right.
and everyone here that dies is in on it.
It's gonna mean one of two things.
One. they pushed Sara so far that
she actually killed someone.
which. you know. maybe she did.
Or. like everything else.
that whole thing with Nathan.
him arriving just in
time to save your kid.
what if that's all just for show?
Maybe poor little Sara's
not as broken as you think.
[DOOR OPENS]
Hey. Sara.
- I was gonna come by and check on you...
- I wanna go back out.
- Excuse me?
- To the woods. I wanna go back.
I'll pack a bag. take a talisman.
What if you were right?
What if the answers are out there?
Maybe we just didn't go out far enough.
Well. we went far enough
that whatever's out there
put us right the fuck back here.
So that's it. We just give up?
I didn't say that.
I get it. People need you here.
You shouldn't be out there. but I can...
Just let me do this.
Okay. Why...
- Why do you wanna go out there?
- Because I wanna help.
I'm sure you do.
but that's not why
you wanna leave. So...
There's no place for me here.
No one even wants me here. and
they're right. I shouldn't...
This is something I can do.
There's a difference
between going out there
and running away from here.
Leaving? That'd feel good. It'd be easy.
We don't get to do easy anymore.
I can't just sit in that church anymore.
There's nothing for me to
do. Nowhere for me to go.
Okay. Good.
Now we're talking about
problems we can fix.
Down there.
That's where I saw
your symbol. and it's...
also the first time I saw the children.
And those. uh. those things
that come out at night.
they're down there. too?
- Yeah.
- All right.
This has to mean something. It can't...
It can't be a coincidence.
Why?
How much do you know about chaos theory?
A butterfly... a butterfly
flaps its wings in Wyoming.
A month later there's
a tsunami in Japan.
and on the surface the two
events appear entirely unrelated
but in reality there is an
intricate set of connections...
Jade. what the fuck
are you talking about?
It's not an accident. We just...
We need more information to
see how they're connected.
Well. I'm not gonna go back in there.
[LAUGHING] Yeah. no shit.
I mean. you'd have to be crazy...
Motherfucker.
What?
Did Victor see it?
You told me Victor was
down there with you.
Did he see the symbol on the walls?
Of course. He was the
one that pointed it out.
Of course. I asked him.
I asked him. point blank.
He promised to tell
me everything he knew
about that symbol. yet somehow.
he manages to leave out...
You know. in the entire
Venn diagram of crazy that
that you and I have seen.
there's one single point of overlap.
[KNOCKS]
Hi.
Uh. is Ethan home?
Um. yeah. Yeah. yeah. Come on in.
I'll... I'll wait out here.
Okay.
Ethan! Victor's here!
You know. I never got to thank you
for everything that you did
that night at Colony House.
I mean. getting me out of
there. You saved my life.
- Okay.
- [FOOTSTEPS ON STAIRS]
- Hi.
'Kay. I'll be ready in two minutes.
Okay.
We're going to help
Mrs. Liu at the diner.
I brought you something.
Are you gonna come in?
No. you have to come outside.
- Why?
- Because you have to try it on.
Come.
It's getting cold and
you'll need a coat soon.
This used to be mine.
Can you see if it fits?
Yeah.
[MURMURS]
Here. I drew this for you.
Uh. I don't want this.
- Why?
- Because.
pictures are for things that are gone.
But what if something happens to me?
You forget a lot of stuff.
I wouldn't want you to forget me.
I said. don't talk like that.
Well. if you don't keep
it. I don't want the coat.
'Kay. you ready? We gotta go.
Wanna come?
Okay.
Come on.
Nice jacket.
Thanks.
[BOYD] Are you sure
you shouldn't be in bed?
I mean. no. I'm fine.
You know. I'm not gonna be
doing any push-ups anytime soon.
but I feel great. Seriously.
Did Kristi check you out?
Yeah. yeah. and she's
more surprised than you.
And what about Dale?
Donna's locked him up in his room.
Dad. everything's fine.
What are you smiling about?
[CHUCKLES]
I have some news.
Corey said you were looking for me?
Oh. yeah. I'll. uh... Uh. one sec. Yeah.
I'll tell you later.
- Okay. Get some rest.
- All right. Dad. Look. Dad. I'm good.
but go ahead.
Hey.
Are you out of your fucking mind?
I really don't need this today. Boyd.
I have a headache like
you would not believe.
I'm not asking you to let her stay here.
Look. just throw me a bone.
Give her something to do.
Anything. I don't care.
She just wants to feel useful.
- Okay. I'll do what I can.
- Thank you.
But we have bigger problems
right now than Sara being bored.
I got a house full of
people on their last nerve.
a madman locked in the bedroom.
and last night Elgin
almost drowned in his sleep.
What? He what?
[KNOCKING]
Come in.
Hey.
I heard about what happened last night.
What are you doing?
I found these in one of the closets.
Helps me relax.
Huh.
Wanna tell me about it?
This nightmare of yours.
I was. uh...
I was sitting in the bathtub.
in my dream.
and something pushed me under the water.
Then I guess someone shook me awake.
and I started spitting
up water and. uh...
How's that even possible?
You didn't tell anybody
about anything that happened
at the clinic. did you?
[EXHALES]
Well. I got some good news.
We. uh. pulled something
out of that thing...
something that might help us.
So you think it's like a poison?
Well. it could be.
The only problem is we gotta
figure out how to get this
inside another one of those things
without getting ourselves killed.
You have a gun. right?
Yeah.
So make some silver bullets.
Huh.
No. you're making that up.
I'm not. Julie. tell him it's real.
What's real?
The Internet.
Oh. Yeah. yeah. that's a thing.
- Told you.
- [SPEAKS CANTONESE] You come carry.
You're up.
Are you just gonna
wear that thing all day?
I like it.
It smells musty.
[SPEAKS CANTONESE]
You put here.
What's this?
Where did you...
Where did you get that?
It was in the pocket.
What's wrong?
[SNIFFLING] I need you to be brave.
[JADE] There you are! He's in here!
- Listen. we gotta talk.
- I have to go.
- Huh? Nah. Come here.
- [ETHAN] Hey. what're you doing?
- Hey!
- We made a deal. remember?
I play you the song. you
tell me about the symbol.
Hey! Leave him alone.
I told you about the symbol.
Yeah. you sure you told me everything?
You didn't tell me you saw it on
the wall down in those tunnels!
- Hey! Relax! Relax!
- [ETHAN] What tunnel?
Victor. we just want to talk to you.
- No. I have to go.
- Hey!
- Mom. what's going on?
- Give me one reason...
- Stay here. honey.
- [JADE] Right? One reason
- why you wouldn't mention...
- Jade!
that you saw this symbol on
the wall down in those tunnels!
- Just give me one!
- It's not important.
- Yes it is! Goddammit. stop!
- Hey. Jade! Stop it!
- Stop it! Stop it!
- No. no!
I am done fucking around!
You. hey. look at me!
You don't get to pick and
choose what you tell us!
Everything... Everything you know.
everything you've seen. it all matters.
because that may be how we go home.
Don't you want that? Huh?
Wouldn't you like to go home?
This is my home.
What is wrong with you?
Is it just physically impossible for you
not to be an asshole for
longer than 10 minutes?
Great. you're yelling at me again.
- Fuck off.
- That didn't take very long.
Victor!
[DOOR OPENS]
Sara. uh.
we were wondering if we could
talk to you for a minute.
About what?
We're just trying to get
our head around a few things.
- This is Randall. He came on...
- I know who he is.
What do you wanna know?
You came with your brother.
Where were you going?
Back to Boston.
Where were you coming from?
Why does it matter?
- What's going on?
- We're just trying to figure out
if there's any pattern
to how people end up here.
We just want your help.
Pennsylvania.
I was living in New Hope.
but it... it wasn't...
Nathan came to bring me back home.
So you guys were close?
He was my best friend.
That day at the barn...
No. I don't want to talk about that.
Sara...
I know you didn't want to hurt Ethan.
I know that.
And what this place did to you.
it isn't fair. but please...
Is your brother still alive?
- What?
- It's a simple fucking question.
Ease up.
The hell is going on?
[RANDALL CHUCKLES]
It's convenient.
Excuse me?
You just show up here
out of nowhere the moment
we start asking fucking questions.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Nothing.
Boyd says you're looking
for ways to be helpful.
I got a bunch of clothes
that need stitching. You sew?
- Yeah.
- Great.
Here you go. You can start with that.
You two. get the fuck out.
Who are you. huh?
You think you're some kinda big shot?
Got a little power?
Little pull? Huh?
You like that. right?
You know what you are?
You're a fucking toll booth operator.
You're gonna want to leave right now.
All right. everything's fine.
Everything's okay.
We're gonna go right now. Let's go.
[SCOFFS]
You okay?
Why were they talking about Nathan?
Why do they think he's alive?
- [EXHALES]
- What was that?
What was what?
You wanna figure this thing out
or you wanna be everyone's friend?
Look. I saw the look on her face
when you asked her about Nathan.
She doesn't know anything.
Well. Donna might.
No. that's exactly what we cannot...
We cannot go around
assuming every little thing.
Okay. look.
We need to watch.
- What?
- It's what you said about people
keeping their shades drawn at night.
These things that come from the forest.
we need to see what they do
when they don't know
they're being watched.
And how do we do that?
You go back to the
bus. go about your day.
When it gets closer
to dark. you sneak out.
you meet me at the RV. We'll
stay the night out there.
maybe see some things
they don't want us to see.
Hey.
- Dad!
- Hey. how's it going in here?
Good. we're just getting
ready to clean up.
Where's your mom?
She said she was going to Colony House.
Victor and Jade were in here.
and Jade started yelling at him.
so I think Mom just
went to go check on him.
[EXHALES]
Are you okay?
Yeah. come here. I wanna
talk to you for a second.
- What's up?
- I'm not gonna be home tonight.
I've got an idea.
something that can get us outta here.
I just need some time to figure it out.
but I'm gonna be fine.
I got a talisman. I'm gonna be inside.
Inside where?
I'm gonna stay the night in the RV.
I'm telling you this so you won't worry.
When you see your mom.
you tell her I'm all right.
Okay?
Please be careful.
Always.
Jim. Can I have a word?
- Look. if this is about before...
- You some kind of moron?
What?
What is wrong with you?
I'm just looking for answers.
same as everybody else.
By taunting Sara?
Come on.
You asked if her
brother was still alive.
Look. I tried to talk to you about this.
Oh. Jesus Christ.
Is this about that
fucking voice on the radio?
Why do you say it like it's strange
that I don't wanna just let it go?
Don't even tell me you put
this shit in Randall's head.
- Listen...
- No. you fucking listen.
That guy is a fucking powder keg.
If you start putting
ideas in his head. we...
I didn't tell him about the voice. okay?
Talking to Sara was stupid.
I get it.
We all just wanna go home.
Are we done?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- Victor. I need you to be brave.
- [WHIMPERS]
But I'm scared.
Everything's gonna be okay.
You just...
You just draw your pictures.
And no matter what happens.
you do not come out until morning.
I love you. [CRYING]
Mom!
♪
[KNOCKING]
[KNOCKS REPEAT]
- Hello.
May I come in?
Yeah.
I just wanted to say thank you
for the coat you gave Ethan.
That's very thoughtful of you.
Hm.
I remember these.
Ethan said he found it in one of
the pockets. that you were upset.
Can I have that. please?
Yeah. of course.
Yeah. I... I hadn't...
I hadn't seen it in a long time.
Victor...
Why didn't you tell Jade we
saw that symbol in the tunnels?
Because it's not good to ask questions.
It's not good.
People shouldn't go looking for answers.
Why not?
'Cause they don't come back.
But looking for answers
is our only way out.
I don't think there is a way out.
Well. I know you're afraid that
bad things might happen. but...
but Victor. bad things
happen here no matter what.
If you know something
that could help us...
[EXHALES]
My... my mother said
that we were going home
the night that the bad
things happened. she sa...
she said... I don't...
What? What did she say. Victor?
I don't... I don't remember.
Come on. Victor. please.
I don't... I don't remem...
[MUMBLES]
Pictures might.
Well. your pictures were inside
the house when it collapsed.
No. not these pictures.
I put them somewhere else.
I put them away somewhere
where I would never
have to look at them.
so I would never have to remember.
so that no one else would die.
Do you know where you put them?
[KNOCKS]
Hey. I. um...
What happened there?
Oh. I uh... I don't know.
Somehow I managed to
burn myself in my sleep.
It's nothing.
What?
Nothing. Um...
Elgin. that kid from the bus.
he had a pretty interesting idea
about how we test our theory.
- Okay.
- Silver bullets.
What?
You take the bullets.
dip them in the bile. coat them.
fire from a safe distance.
Then we see.
We're gonna need the rest of that bile.
I'm headin' there now.
- [BREATHING UNSTEADILY]
- Just deep breaths. okay?
We gotta get the fuck outta here.
What's going on?
Something's happening downstairs.
- [MARI BREATHS UNSTEADILY]
- It's okay. deep breaths.
Are you sure the sound was
coming from the boiler room?
What were you doing down there?
Does it matter?
I haven't... Uh. this just happened.
- Do you really think that thing could...
- I don't know.
If you see anything come
up from up these stairs.
you run. do you understand me?
Yeah.
Okay.
You don't need to be down here.
I'm good.
[RUSTLING]
Go upstairs.
No.
- Come on.
- Yeah.
[RUSTLING]
[INHALES]
[BREATHING UNSTEADILY]
[RUSTLING]
What the fuck?
[MONSTER] Boyd.
- No. Boyd. wait.
- Hey. wa...
[BUZZING]
[INSECT WINGS FLUTTERING]
[LOUD BUZZING. CHIRPING]
[BUZZING. CHIRPING CONTINUE]
- Get her some water.
- No. I...
This is what I was
talking about earlier.
- Right.
- I...
I saw those things in the dream!
I saw those! I...
In my dream. I hung up the phone
and I heard the exact same buzzing.
All right? And I looked inside a pot
and it was full of them.
Look. okay. let's just try to calm down.
Wait. Elgin said that he...
he had a dream that he was drowning
and then he started spitting up water.
and you had cicadas in your dreams
and those bugs are swarming
in that thing downstairs.
No. it wasn't just the bugs.
When the music box started playing.
one of them jumped out
and it burned my arm.
Is that what you...
Yes.
I'm sorry. are you honestly saying
that our fucking dreams can hurt us now?
- Marielle.
- [DONNA] Kristi?
- Hey.
- You here?
- [GROANS]
- I was hoping I borrow s...
You look glum.
[EXHALES]
What the fuck's going on?
Victor?
You're a nice lady
and Ethan is my friend.
and I... I wanna help.
I know you do.
But I'm afraid to remember.
I know. but I need you
to be brave. Victor.
That's what my mother
said to me that night.
It's right through here. so...
I saw you less than two hours ago.
When the fuck were you
planning to tell me about this?
I'm telling you now.
No. I walked in on you and caught you.
- It's not the same.
- I needed time to...
I just didn't want anybody
jumping to conclusions.
And since when am I just anybody?
- Donna...
- No. no. no.
Don't give me that patronizing bullshit.
You came to my house this morning.
you looked me straight in the eye.
and you asked me for a goddamn favor.
knowing full well this
thing was down here.
Okay. you're right! I
should've said something.
I'm sorry. Okay? It won't happen again.
And you think you pulled
something out of it
that can help kill the rest.
Well...
found something that's worth trying.
All right. well.
let's get a look at this thing then.
'Kay.
Just watch your step.
There's...
The fuck?
Jesus.
Piece of shit.
There were bugs.
Hundreds of them.
crawling out of the body.
Look. Kenny saw them too.
They probably scattered.
We closed the door.
You need to burn this thing.
Now.
[GRUNTS]
[KENNY & BOYD BREATHING HEAVILY]
Make sure you get it out far enough
people don't see the
smoke and get curious.
Right.
Just push it in.
So. look. this stuff with the dreams...
Yeah?
We burn the body.
and that should take
care of whatever's...
has been...
Still. it's probably a good
idea if people sleep in shifts.
Just in case.
What about Sara?
I'll bring her to the sheriff's station.
You and Marielle should come too.
Hey. look. I've seen withdrawal before.
and that's about to get a whole
lot worse before it gets better.
I'm not staying under
the same roof as Sara.
We'll stay at Colony
House. if that's okay.
More the merrier.
All right.
Um. I forgot. Do you have any aspirin?
No. sorry.
Great. Fucking monster
bile and no aspirin.
Try a warm compress.
Fuck right off.
[CHUCKLES]
- Wait. Don't want...
- [KENNY] Oh. Jesus.
Oh. great.
[TABITHA] Are they in there?
- Do you want me to look?
- [MUMBLING]
- [GRUNTING]
- [CREAKING]
Victor. I need you to be brave.
I am counting on you.
No.
No. please!
Hey. it's okay.
Victor. Victor. what's wrong?
- No. no. no.
- What's wrong?
No matter what happens.
you cannot leave.
No.
[BREATHING UNSTEADILY]
[VICTOR'S MOTHER] You need
to protect your sister.
Please don't go. Mommy.
These aren't mine. They're not mine.
What?
They were hers.
You just draw your pictures. okay?
And you stay here all
night. and when I come back.
we're gonna go home.
I love you.
No!
Oh my God. Victor. Victor. Victor.
It's okay. It's okay.
Okay. Okay.
Protect your sister.
- Mom. no! No!
- Mommy! No! No!
- [MUMBLES]
- Victor. It's okay.
It's okay. It's okay.
- No!
- Yes. It's okay.
Mommy. wait! Please.
I wanna come with you!
[YOUNG VICTOR] Eloise. no!
Okay. it's okay.
[SOBBING]
It's okay.
Eloise?
Eloise? Come back.
[GROANS]
Donna.
Hey. I come in peace.
What do you want?
To apologize.
Sincerely. Um...
Look. I know we got
off on the wrong foot.
Uh.
I was just hoping that we could talk.
We're all in this together.
Okay.
You wanna do the honors?
Yeah.
[WHOOSH]
[CRACKLING]
You know. I thought I'd
gotten so used to being scared
that it just felt normal.
This feels different.
I know.
I mean. it's one thing having
monsters come out of the forest.
They start coming out of our dreams?
That's a kind of scary
I can't even imagine.
Yup.
My mother told us to hide. and I...
I was supposed to take care of her.
protect her.
But she was so scared
that she ran. and I...
I was so afraid that I...
I-I should've have run after her and...
Victor. you were just a little boy.
But I... I didn't
come out until morning.
We should go.
Victor. what is this?
That's...
Eloise said that that's where
my mother went that night.
the night the bad things happened.
She went to save the
children locked in the tower.
♪
See? That was fun.
- Yeah.
- You do good work.
You come back tomorrow.
Hi. Sheriff!
How you doing there. young man?
Good.
Good. You guys working?
- Mm-hm.
- Yup.
Right.
[CICADAS CHIRPING]
Do you hear that?
[MAN] Oh. God! Help. somebody!
Help me! Please!
Please. I need help!
Oh. God!
Randall?
Jim?
[GRUNTS]
Randall. what the fuck?
New plan.
♪
- Synced and corrected by naFraC -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today